## Acknowledgements 
## WYDO Privacy Policy 
## Organizational Privacy Policy 
## Website Privacy Policy 
## Communications 
## Financial Information 
## Information about persons involved in WYDO 
## Further information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
## Acknowledgements 
 
 
WYDO took the privacy policy from https://www.privacyinternational.org/ as a
template for this privacy policy. WYDO feels grateful for the work that is
being done by this organization.  As we have adopted this policy to our own
needs and have changed large parts it may not be in accordance with Privacy
International’s principles anymore. 
 
 
## WYDO Privacy Policy 
 
 
WYDO strongly believes that you have the right to control the use of your
personal information, and that your privacy must be respected. We strictly
limit the processing of your personal information, and do not intentionally
share your personal information with third parties.  
 
 
Personal information that you provide to WYDO will be used only for the service
you have requested. 
 
 
WYDO does not sell, rent or lease personal data. We do not purchase or
otherwise obtain data from other sources. 
 
 
Any subpoena or attempts from third parties to gain access to any information
that you give us will only be considered if accompanied by a valid court order
and will be scrutinized carefully and challenged if possible in terms of
available resources. 
 
 
 
 
## Organizational Privacy Policy 
 
 
We collect as little personal information as possible. 
 
 
## Website Privacy Policy 
 
 
Our webhost service provider, Netcup GmbH, is based in Germany. 
 
 
Our website makes use of cookies and other user-specific IDs for managing your
session and to collect general usage statistics. Statistical data is anonymized
during the integration into our databases.  We may also point from our website
to other Internet services that do use cookies. This is particularly the case
with multi-media services, and with the links that we post on our Twitter
account.  
 
 
We try to understand the perception of our website through detailed usage of
statistics via software developed at http://piwik.org. The
processing of web usage data is anonymized. Our statistics software does not
provide us with access to IP logs. The raw server logs with ip addresses that
we have regular access to are deleted from the server after four days and are
not included in off-site backups. 
 
 
We use the statistics to provide an indication of faults and to identify peak
usage times so that we can decide when to make major site modifications.  We
also use this information to ascertain what material is of use to the general
public. At no point do we deduce 'who' is accessing material. We only ascertain
'whether' and 'how many' accesses there are. 
 
 
WYDO uses social media and social networking services to advance our work.
These applications require the use of third party service providers. Notably,
we have a Facebook and LinkedIn group and a Twitter feed although we do not
necessarily agree with the general implications to privacy that come with the
use of these services. 
 
 
The Facebook page is administered by Facebook and is accessible by Facebook
users who already have consented to Facebook's privacy policy. The Group page
is managed by WYDO  staff members. We do not store information on our followers
nor process any information beyond Facebook. 
 
 
Similarly, the LinkedIn group is admisitered by LinkedIn and can be joined by
users of LinkedIn, who have already agreed with the privacy policy of LinkedIn.
The LinkedIn group is managed by WYDO staff members.  
 
 
The Twitter account we use is administered by Twitter, in accordance with
Twitter's Privacy Policy. We may integrate our Twitter Account onto our website
through the use of a plug-in. This would results in our comments, and the
comments of others that we redirect, being published temporarily on our
website, and links to our feed on Twitter's site. These posts also include the
publishing of links to 'URL Shortening' services who convert short URLs into
longer URLs that direct users to other websites. There are known security and
privacy concerns around the use of these (link off-site), but we ensure that
all redirected shortened URLs are first verified by us before being sent to our
feed and on to our website. The shortener-service providers may keep track of
your IP address and other information, and we continue to seek a more security-
and privacy-friendly solution. If you click on a shortened-URL, it will most
likely redirect you eventually to a third party site that contains a file or
document relating to the Tweet, and the third party site will have its own
privacy practices that may include trying to place a cookie and/or web-bug on
your computer, collecting your IP address, and other forms of tracking. The
Twitter feed may include the usernames of other Twitter users, particularly
when we respond to questions and/or 'retweet'. Apart from this information
appearing on our website temporarily, we do not process this information beyond
the Twitter-environment. 
 
 
Finally, we use direct messaging on occasion in social media sites, where
individuals and organisations contact us on Facebook or LinkedIn by leaving
messages in our Inbox or by sending us Direct Messages on Twitter. We aim to
delete these messages as soon as we have responded to the queries. However, we
discourage individuals from using direct messages in social networks and point
out that the preferred way to communicate with us is via encrypted emails. 
 
 
We are also seeking a solution to merge our Facebook and Twitter activities and
doing so may involve some integration and sharing of services, but we will
endeavour to ensure that the additional processing of personal information is
kept to an absolute minimum. 
 
 
 
 
## Communications 
 
 
As said, our hosting company is Netcup GmbH (http://netcup.de). Netcup’s
privacy policy is available on their website.  Account data, including
mailboxes and preferences, are stored on servers located in Germany. Logs are
kept for performance analysis and abuse prevention. Web access logs on wydo.org
are wiped after four days. We maintain off-site backups of the server and its
databases. These backups are encrypted with at least AES256 and a longer than
20 characters passphrase at all times. Old backups are rotated and discarded
when older than 3 months or earlier.  Netcup GmbH may have different schedules
for deleting their logfiles.  For all requests where Netcup is legally
compelled to provide information, Netcup will only respond to law enforcement
requests that are accompanied by a valid court order by a court of competent
jurisdiction according to German law. 
 
 
If you want your communication to be private, please use email encryption.
Further information can be found at http://www.gnupg.org/. Public keys for WYDO
personnel can be found at the [list of members of the board](/node/12). 
 
 
Emails received through wydo.org addresses are stored on infrastructure
belonging to Netcup GmbH  and are reviewed by board members and sent onwards
when necessary to other staff members.   
 
 
Emails[c] may also be forwarded automatically to third party email service
providers where staff members may have their personal email accounts.  As a
result our emails are susceptible to lawful access in various  jurisdictions.
If you want your email to be only stored on infrastructure in Germany, please
[tell](/contact) us..  
 
 
 
 
Information we receive by post is collected by one board member, reviewed, and
sent onwards when necessary to other WYDO staff members. These items are
destroyed as soon as possible. We do not disclose the names of senders to third
parties, and we endeavour to keep files secure. When the content of messages is
shared with others outside of WYDO, e.g. with our advisory board, judging
panels, etc., we de-identify the messages as much as possible. 
 
 
We run several mailing lists, and the membership of the mailing lists are kept
confidential. 
 
 
Each board member or staff member, as he sees fit, may retain the content of
specific communications he receives and sends, but we endeavour to keep this
information stored securely and not longer than necessary. 
 
 
We do not solicit information on political and religious beliefs or medical
information. When such sensitive personal information is received through our
email or postal address we delete or anonymize this information as soon as
possible. 
 
 
The website and forum can be accessed securely via the https protocol.  IP
addresses for messages in the forum  at forum.wydo.org are anonymized after 7
days. 
 
 
Furthermore we provide PGP[d] keys for board members that allow for secure
communication. Naturally, all information sent to us otherwise is to be
considered not secure. 
 
 
## Financial Information 
 
 
We have created a PayPal account to administer on-line donations. Privacy
International has discussed their account with PayPal officials and in their
deliberations came to the conclusion that PayPal offers a safe and secure way
to make online payments.
(https://www.privacyinternational.org/article/about-privacy-international-privacy-policy)
PayPal does not share your credit card or bank account number with WYDO. PayPal
processes data in compliance with the EU Directive and US data privacy laws
applicable to financial institutions. PayPal does not sell or rent its users'
personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and will
disclose users' personal information only in accordance with PayPal's privacy
policy. PayPal utilizes computer safeguards such as firewalls and data
encryption, enforces physical access controls to its buildings and files, and
authorizes access to personal information only for those employees who require
it to fulfill their job responsibilities. For more information on how PayPal
processes your data please see their privacy policy (available on PayPal's
website).  After discussions with Privacy International, Paypal also allows you
to close your customer account once you no longer require it. Your account
information may stay active with PayPal for legal and audit purposes, in
accordance with PayPal's privacy policy. 
 
 
We have created a Flattr account for online donations (http://flattr.com/).
Flattr's privacy policy is available at their website.  
 
 
Our financial accounts are held with the ABN AMRO Bank.  Any donations made to
WYDO in the form of a cheque will be processed by the ABN AMRO Bank, in
accordance with the bank's privacy policy and in accordance with Dutch law. 
 
 
## Information about persons involved in WYDO 
 
 
We collect information about persons doing work for WYDO for accounting and
administration purposes. This information includes contact and bank account
information as necessary for the situation at hand and is minimised where
possible. Payment information is shared with our bank, and with Government
agencies in accordance with Dutch law. 
 
 
We keep all accounting and administration information for auditing purposes, in
accordance with standard practice and Dutch  law. 
 
 
## Further information 
 
 
WYDO will endeavour to keep your personal information accurate. If you require
access to personal information we hold about you, wish to amend an inaccuracy,
or have your information deleted from our files then please [contact](/contact)
WYDO.
 
 
## Changes to this policy 
 
 
In the event that this policy is changed at any time, the date and nature of
the change will be clearly indicated in this document. In the event that the
change has a material impact on the handling of your personal information, we
will contact you to seek your consent. 
 
 
## Questions 
 
 
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or require any
clarifications, please [contact](/contact) us.  
 
 
## About WYDO 
 
 
WYDO is registered with the Chamber of Commerce in The Hague[e] in the
Netherlands, and our address is World Young Doctor’s Organization, Jonkerlaan
12, 2242 GD Wassenaar, the Netherlands.
 
 
## Appendix I - Documentation of changes 
1. First version 2011-07-11 
2. 2012-06-10 removed advertising, policy now maintained at [github](https://github.com/wydoorg/documents/blob/master/privacy-policy.md)
3. 2012-06-13 change from openwebanalytics to piwik

